yeah a whole show dealer right at the
top bad you know I just took a look at
the Doppler I think I may wear it the
rest of the evening you've been watching
a lot of the Doppler that great game
good comeback by Pittsburgh we'll go
back out to that game adjust a bit with
a game day gang regardless of this
weather and everyone is talking about it
two teams playing in the Super Bowl will
be identified tomorrow we're gonna help
that process along over the next 60
minutes but first exposing the unbeaten
in college basketball after today's game
at Villanova Kansas coach Bill Self said
quote it had been coming we had been
putting a lot of band-aids on our
deficiencies Kansas jumping with
Villanova Digger Phelps knew who the
breakout player would be he got hurt the
day before the Notre Dame game couple
weeks ago he's back he averaged 17
points and eight rebounds before he got
hurt I think having two games under his
belt he's the one guy that could be the
breakout game for Villanova okay ports
in the paint inside outside Curtis
something bigger hits the nail on the
head Curtis Sumter hits the three Nova
up they don't look back something
another three he had five triples in the
game since self they exposed us Sumter
again on fight he had 25 points Nova
rolling now before the end of the half
this is ugly Kyle Lowry throws a punch
in the stomach of Jeff Hawkins referees
take a look realize that is indeed a
punch Lowry ejected after the game he
was suspended for Novas next game with
Notre Dame Villanova though responds
Mike Nardi 3 at the end of the half that
started a 34 to 6 1 for Nova Nova only
lost four games coming in this into this
one by a total of 10 points Alan ray
takes over then he answered 3 they led
by as many as 32 another three
oh goodness Jay Wright what happened
throw a lot they've just
you need to work I think this is real
sign of the character these kids that we
have a going-over it's really nice you
know you learn to savor these you savor
these Nova had 12 of their first 18
threes Ray had 27 Jay Bilas what
happened in ku's effort if wasn't the
Villanova beat Kansas that was the
surprise that was the fact that Kansas
quit in the second half Bill Self had to
take out his starters midway through the
second half to see if he could get some
kind of energy and life into his team
when he put him back in all they did was
turn the ball over and go even deeper
into debt on the scoreboard the key was
Curtis Sumter Curtis Sumter is a four
man and Kansas could not match up with
him at all he at 5 of 6 from the
three-point line 25 points and Allen Ray
was unguardable with 27 also knocking
down big threes JB we'll hear more from
you later from up there and stores
Kansas preseason number one it probably
would have stayed there if it weren't
for the fact that Illinois has been a
wrecking ball of late the 21 point lost
the largest regular season loss by a
team that was the preseason number one
of the coaches poll and the only loss of
20 or more Rock Chalk Jayhawk not not
this time